NAS-103604 Update process to destroy pool and data in docs (#1654)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

:guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`.

To instead destroy the data and share configurations on the pool, also

> set the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` option. When set, a

Reviewer: Don't need to tell them a field appears.
```suggestion
set the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` option.
```

> set the :guilabel:`Destroy data on this pool?` option. When set, a

Reviewer: See earlier review that was mistakenly approved.

> feild appears. To continue with destroying the data on the pool, type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feild appears. To verify that data on the pool is to be destroyed, type
```

> the *exact* name of the pool and click :guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`.

Reviewer: "exact" is not needed.
```suggestion
the name of the pool and click :guilabel:`EXPORT/DISCONNECT`.
```
